## Tree files

This directory contains tree files called by the [primary analysis R script](../../constrained_species_tree.R) for analyses of nuclear DNA sequences. Relevant files are used by [Janus](../../janus/) as input trees and are copied in that directory as input files. This directory is provided primarily as a reference for the IQ-tree log files. 

**ALL_MFP_2haplo**
* This folder contains the IQ-tree log files for branch length estimation of the allelic variation (including specific commands to IQ-tree, inference using the entire concatenated dataset).

**MRL3_backbone**
* This folder contains the IQ-tree log files (including specific commands to IQ-tree) as well as the final tree files for each analysis of nuclear DNA sequences. These trees are all inferred with the same topological constraint (Kimball et al 2019), but vary in relative and total branch lengths according to the underlying data type used.

**loci_standard**
* This folder contains two directories of estimated gene trees. 'standard_iqtree' contains the ouput of standard inference of the gene tree topologies as described in the manuscript. 'collapsed' contains same gene trees, but with poorly supported edges collapsed at particular thresholds (e.g., 50%-95% bootstrap scores). We use these gene trees in phylogenetic logistic regression analyses noted in the [primary analysis R script](../constrained_species_tree.R).

**timetree.prune.nameswap.tre**
* Reference Time Scaled tree called internally by the [primary analysis R script](../constrained_species_tree.R). This tree matches the topology of the MRL3 supertree estimated by Kimball et al 2019. Generated by manually pruning the Kimball et al 2019 supertree and swapping tip labels to match those in our dataset.

---

### References

Kimball, R.T.; Oliveros, C.H.; Wang, N.; White, N.D.; Barker, F.K.; Field, D.J.; Ksepka, D.T.; Chesser, R.T.; Moyle, R.G.; Braun, M.J.; et al. A Phylogenomic Supertree of Birds. Diversity 2019, 11, 109. https://doi.org/10.3390/d11070109

